website/integrations: emby (#15921)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/media/emby/index.md

- `emby.company` is the FQDN of your Emby installation.
- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of your authentik installation.
- `ldap.company` is the FQDN of your LDAP outpost.
- `dc=company,dc=com` is the Base DN of your LDAP provider.
- `ldap_service_account` is the name of the Service Account used for LDAP binding.
- `emby_users` is the name of the authentik group containing users who should have access to Emby.

:::note
This documentation lists only the settings that you need to change from their default values. Be aware that any changes other than those explicitly mentioned in this guide could cause issues accessing your application.
:::

## authentik configuration

### LDAP Outpost Setup

Emby requires an LDAP outpost to authenticate users. Follow the [LDAP outpost documentation](/docs/add-secure-apps/outposts/) to create and configure an LDAP outpost for your environment.

### Service account creation

Create a dedicated service account for Emby LDAP authentication by following the ["Creating a service account" documentation](/docs/sys-mgmt/service-accounts). Once created, generate and copy the token for use in the Emby configuration.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a dedicated service account for Emby LDAP authentication by following the instructions in ["Creating a service account" documentation](/docs/sys-mgmt/service-accounts). After the service account is created, generate and copy the token from the account; the token is required for the Emby configuration.
```

:::

## authentik configuration

### LDAP provider configuration

1. Log in to authentik as an administrator and open the authentik Admin interface.
2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Applications** and click **Create with Provider** to create an application and provider pair. (Alternatively you can first create a provider separately, then create the application and connect it with the provider.)
    - **Application**: provide a descriptive name, an optional group for the type of application, the policy engine mode, and optional UI settings.
    - **Choose a Provider type**: select **LDAP Provider** as the provider type.
    - **Configure the Provider**: provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name) and the authorization flow to use for this provider.
    - **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

> ### LDAP Outpost Setup

Author: ```suggestion
### LDAP outpost setup
```

Emby requires an LDAP outpost to authenticate users. Follow the [LDAP outpost documentation](/docs/add-secure-apps/outposts/) to create and configure an LDAP outpost for your environment.

> add thing to outpost

Author: ```suggestion
### Add application to outpost
```

    - **Application**: provide a descriptive name, an optional group for the type of application, the policy engine mode, and optional UI settings.
    - **Choose a Provider type**: select **LDAP Provider** as the provider type.
    - **Configure the Provider**: provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name) and the authorization flow to use for this provider.
    - **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: you can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

### LDAP outpost setup

Emby requires an LDAP outpost to authenticate users. Follow the [LDAP outpost documentation](/docs/add-secure-apps/outposts/) to create and configure an LDAP outpost for your environment.

### Add application to outpost

1. From the authentik Admin interface, navigate to **Applications** > **Outposts** and click the **Edit** icon next to your LDAP outpost.

> 2, Then, from the **Available Applications** list, select your new application/provider pair and click the single right arrow to move it to the selected list.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Then, from the **Available Applications** list, select your new application/provider pair and click the single right arrow to move it to the selected list.
```

> 2. Select, from the **Available Applications** list, your newly created application/provider pair by clicking on it, then clicking the single arrow pointing towards the right found at the middle of the screen.

Author: ```suggestion
2, Then, from the **Available Applications** list, select your new application/provider pair and click the single right arrow to move it to the selected list.
```
